README.md, before:

# obs-scrum

Build Solutions Team Burn Down Charts and Meeting Templates.

## In a nutshell

In simple terms a SCRUM team is split into two concerns, meaning WHAT the team is going to do and
HOW the team is going to do this. The product owner has the oversight over the WHAT. The development
team is in charge of the HOW. The scrum master is bascially the glue between these two concerns. He
is facilitates meetings, helps the team (PO and development team) to improve.

## Burn Down Charts

In the [burndow-charts folder](https://github.com/openSUSE/obs-scrum/tree/master/burndow-charts) you can find the current and old burn charts, as well as [instructions to generate them](https://github.com/openSUSE/obs-scrum/tree/master/burndow-charts).

## Meeting Templates

In the in the [meeting-templates folder](https://github.com/openSUSE/obs-scrum/tree/master/meeting-templates) you can find some `txt` files. Those files explain what all the scrum meetings we have are about and where they take place.
They are also used as templates for creating new appointments.

## Meetings & Tools

### Retrospective

* [Retromat](https://plans-for-retrospectives.com/)
  – Tool for preparing a retrospective

* [Webwhiteboard](https://webwhiteboard.com/)
  – Tool for drawing charts, painting pictures as well as handling post-its

* [Trello](https://trello.com/)
  – Tool for handing post-its. Most of our retros are tracked here

* [Mumble](https://wiki.mumble.info/wiki/Main_Page)
  – Usefule for having separate rooms, eg. smaller groups in a remote team


### Planning Grooming

* [Planitpoker](http://www.planitpoker.com/)
  – Tool for estimating user stories

* [Trello](https://trello.com/)
  – Most of our processes are currently centered around trello, eg. [our sprint board](https://trello.com/b/Fs7boVwI/bs-sprint), [product backlog](https://trello.com/b/kCXtUSYN/obs-frontend-backlog) and retrospectives are organized with trello


## SCRUM guide & useful information

* [The SCRUM guide](http://www.scrumguides.org/scrum-guide.html)

* [Agile manifesto](http://agilemanifesto.org/)

* [https://www.scrum.org](https://www.scrum.org/resources/what-is-scrum)

* [https://www.scrumalliance.org](https://www.scrumalliance.org/why-scrum/scrum-resources)

Commit message:

Improve Readme
Point to the README instead of the folder as _instructions to generate
the burndown chart_. Make clearer where the current chart is.

README.md, after:

# obs-scrum

Build Solutions Team Burn Down Charts and Meeting Templates.

## In a nutshell

In simple terms a SCRUM team is split into two concerns, meaning WHAT the team is going to do and
HOW the team is going to do this. The product owner has the oversight over the WHAT. The development
team is in charge of the HOW. The scrum master is bascially the glue between these two concerns. He
is facilitates meetings, helps the team (PO and development team) to improve.

## Burn Down Charts

In the [burndow-charts folder](https://github.com/openSUSE/obs-scrum/tree/master/burndow-charts) you can find all the burndown charts, as well as [instructions to generate them](https://github.com/openSUSE/obs-scrum/tree/master/burndow-charts/README.md). The current burndown chart is the one with the highest Sprint number.

## Meeting Templates

In the in the [meeting-templates folder](https://github.com/openSUSE/obs-scrum/tree/master/meeting-templates) you can find some `txt` files. Those files explain what all the scrum meetings we have are about and where they take place.
They are also used as templates for creating new appointments.

## Meetings & Tools

### Retrospective

* [Retromat](https://plans-for-retrospectives.com/)
  – Tool for preparing a retrospective

* [Webwhiteboard](https://webwhiteboard.com/)
  – Tool for drawing charts, painting pictures as well as handling post-its

* [Trello](https://trello.com/)
  – Tool for handing post-its. Most of our retros are tracked here

* [Mumble](https://wiki.mumble.info/wiki/Main_Page)
  – Usefule for having separate rooms, eg. smaller groups in a remote team


### Planning Grooming

* [Planitpoker](http://www.planitpoker.com/)
  – Tool for estimating user stories

* [Trello](https://trello.com/)
  – Most of our processes are currently centered around trello, eg. [our sprint board](https://trello.com/b/Fs7boVwI/bs-sprint), [product backlog](https://trello.com/b/kCXtUSYN/obs-frontend-backlog) and retrospectives are organized with trello


## SCRUM guide & useful information

* [The SCRUM guide](http://www.scrumguides.org/scrum-guide.html)

* [Agile manifesto](http://agilemanifesto.org/)

* [https://www.scrum.org](https://www.scrum.org/resources/what-is-scrum)

* [https://www.scrumalliance.org](https://www.scrumalliance.org/why-scrum/scrum-resources)
